tsd is a commandline tool for managing simple daily time series.

A time series is a set of (date, float) pairs.  We say daily time
series because it is a set of (date, float) pairs and not (time,
float) pairs.  So one value per day per series.

Typical time series might be daily readings of an electric meter, the
reading on the bathroom scale in the morning, or the temperature at
breakfast time.

Below are the results of running "tsd.py -h".  The zero-dot version
number reflects a desire for feedback from those who are not me rather
than a lack of testing.  I use the tool regularly.


  Time Series Data (tsd), copyright 2011, by Jeff Abrahamson.
  Version  0.1

  tsd -VhL
  tsd series
  tsd series <value>
  tsd series [-v] config|edit|init|plot

      -v   verbose output
      -V   print version number and exit
      -h   print this help message
      -d   use date rather than current date
      -D   when used with init, indicates the series is cumulative
           (i.e., the data is the difference between successive points)
      -L   list available series (with -v, show more info)
      -C   list available commands that act on a series

      series  is a time series name.  By itself, prints the last few values
              of the series.  If it is followed by a value, that value is
              assigned to the date (default is today, cf. -d).

      config  display series configuration (with -v, include comments)
      edit    permit editing of series configuration
      init    initializes a new time series
      plot    plots the named time series

      Examples:
              $ tsd temp init          # Create the time series calle temp
              $ tsd temp 22.3          # It is 22.3 degrees today
              $ tsd temp               # will print today's date and temperature
              $ tsd plot               # will plot the temperature history


To install, copy tsd.py to somewhere on your PATH and source bash_tsd
from your .bashrc (in order to get bash completion).

The plotting features depend on gnuplot.  The program tsd itself
depends on very little except for python itself.  Tsd was developed
under python 2.6.5, but may well work with earlier versions.
Incompatibility would most likely look like an error from python, not
incorrect behavior.
